We would like to thank the reviewers for their constructive feedback
and useful suggestions.

If the paper is accepted, we will clarify all points raised
by the reviewers as unclear.

Reviewer 1
1. Triggers stand for event mentions and can be co-referent. For example, in
Figure 1 the trigger "spin" is co-referent with the trigger
"Turning", as denoted by the "same" relation.
2. Regarding event extraction - we have implemented some simple systems that
extract triggers and performance is in the low 70's. We have focused on
event-event relations in this paper but combining the systems is simple and as
the reviewer points out would result in a decrease in performance.
3. Adding average precision/recall across processes is
interesting. This score should be higher since our performance is better on
simple processes with less events and they will have the same weight as more
complex processes.
4. We will elaborate on relation sets used in temporal reasoning. Allen, 1983,
had 13 temporal relations and most past work used a coarser relation set.
Reducing the number of relations simplifies annotation and learning and
we chose a minimal set that is expressive enough to model relations in
processes.
5. We will add more concrete suggestions for improving the local classifier, e.g., using
background knowledge about the typical order of triggers ("opening" usually
happens before "entering") to improve local predictions. This background knowledge can be obtained
with "narrative chain" methods (Chambers et al. or Cheung et al.). Another idea is to use external
corpora e.g. given a process description find text describes the
same process to improve local predictions. Our current method uses
very little data and we believe using large amounts of text with no
supervision should improve local predictions.

Reviewer 2
1. To replicate local_base, one should use exactly the features described in
Table 3. We will add in the paper more details on features omitted. We omitted
WordNet synonym features, context features that look at words
that are not between t_i and t_j, and also Aspect and Tense features since we
do not have this annotation.
2. We will add the 30 connectives, and also plan to release the code with the
data which should allow for reproducibility.
3. In some cases parsing errors result in errors related to the syntactic
features that rely on a correct parse, as described in Section 3.2.
However, we found this is not a major cause of error.
4. We will provide more details on data selection. In general, annotators were
given a chapter in the "Biology" book, read the chapter and marked process
description. Process descriptions are a contiguous sequence of sentences that
describe a series of events that lead towards some
objective. In general, processes come from the body of the chapter rather than the
overview (since this is a textbook there is no "method" section usually).

Reviewer 3
The units used in the pair-wise re-sampling are the event-relation-event triplets. There are 906 points to be sampled in each iteration.

